It's priceless.
It can make people die and be reborn.
This is clearly an ordinary jade pendant
No consonant fluctuations
Team Leader Ye is well-informed
Can't you not even see this?
Huh, what the hell do you know?
This is the quality assurance beyond the three realms
How can you see
No, you won't lie to me.
Leader Ye, you are dead
You work for everybody.
Just borrow it, by the way
Jiang
Jiang, you are really dead
Jiang Ya
My son
How miserable you died!
Mr. Ye, it's your turn now.
It's time to show your Holy Master's ability
See if it's bragging
Or do you really have that immortal grace?
No hurry, yes?
My son is dead now.
Do you want to default
Before the knife in the morning
I have a question that I think so clearly
This jade pendant in your hand
Who gave it to you?
Does this have something to do with you?
This is the treasure of our Ye family
Family yellow robe
Your Ye family's family treasure
How could it be a piece?
A jade pendant that can't be more ordinary
Not to mention
I'm sensing a bit of disgust here.
The smell of evil
Where are we going?